Liu Yan, you have made a great contribution.
Wait,
This face is ruined. Wasnt it because you made a mistake with your broken soul last night?
This is your reward.
Came there. If you don’t see it immediately, you just put it on if you think it looks good.
You are such a treasure, it is not that simple, you have to lure it loose first.
If you dont like it, just throw it away.
By the way, when you go to see Niushili, you should be well prepared.
What are you worried about? Something found this red stone and is out of gas.
Were you sure that Ge Ge was dead back then?
Yes, put an end to it
Didnt you burn it yourself?
Send two people to check out Rongyuans details.
Let’s see where it comes from
Relationship with the former prince
You go to Jiangcheng
Find these people and not these
There is no way to become a saint
It’s just the territory of climate
Try it anyway